Your attitude determines your direction.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Positive attitude, positive life.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Your vibe attracts your tribe.
Attitude is the difference between an ordeal and an adventure.
I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness.
Attitude is everything, so pick a good one.
Success is not just about what you accomplish, but the attitude you bring to it.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
I can and I will. Watch me.
It's not about having time, it's about making time.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Zig Ziglar
Be so good they can't ignore you. - Steve Martin
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Life is tough, but so are you.
Don't stop until you're proud.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
Success is not for the chosen few, but for the few who choose it.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
Dream big, work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
You are capable of more than you know.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Be the energy you want to attract.
You are never too young to dream big.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill